Fixing solar rotation for coordinates and the differential rotation of maps (#2972)
sunpy/sunpy: changelog/2972.bugfix.rst

> Fixes the calculation of the solar rotation of coordinates and the differential rotation of maps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes the calculation of the solar rotation of coordinates and the differential rotation of `sunpy.map.Map`.
```

Author: I updated the changelog.

> Fixes the calculation of the solar rotation of coordinates and the differential rotation of maps (fixes #2868, #2713, #2707, #2600, #2282)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes the calculation of the solar rotation of coordinates and the differential rotation of maps.
```
